Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: pyspeechwin3
Version: 0.0.4
Summary: Text To Speech Converter
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Sunami Dasgupta
Author-email: sunamidasgupta@gmail.com
License: MIT
Description: pyspeechwin3 is a text-to-speech conversion library in Python.
        Unlike alternative libraries, it works offline, and is compatible with both Python 2 and 3.
        Speech synthesis is the artificial production of human speech. A computer system used for this purpose is called a speech computer or speech synthesizer, and can be implemented in software or hardware products. A text-to-speech (TTS) system converts normal language text into speech; other systems render symbolic linguistic representations like phonetic transcriptions into speech.
        Synthesized speech can be created by concatenating pieces of recorded speech that are stored in a database. Systems differ in the size of the stored speech units; a system that stores phones or diphones provides the largest output range, but may lack clarity. For specific usage domains, the storage of entire words or sentences allows for high-quality output. Alternatively, a synthesizer can incorporate a model of the vocal tract and other human voice characteristics to create a completely "synthetic" voice output.
        The quality of a speech synthesizer is judged by its similarity to the human voice and by its ability to be understood clearly. An intelligible text-to-speech program allows people with visual impairments or reading disabilities to listen to written words on a home computer. Many computer operating systems have included speech synthesizers since the early 1990s.
        
        
        Change Log
        ==========
        
        0.0.1 (01/06/2021)
        -------------------
        - First Release
Keywords: Text to Speech,pyttsx3,tts for python,text to speech for python,offline text to speech for python
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 10
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
